[telenot] update docs / support update system time (#296)
smarthomej/addons: bundles/org.smarthomej.binding.telenot/README.md

* `hostname` (required) The hostname or IP address of the serial to LAN adapter
* `tcpPort` (default = 4116) TCP port number for the serial to LAN adapter connection
* `discovery` Enables the discovery

> * `updateClock` The period in hours that updates the clock on the telenot system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `updateClock` The period in hours for updating the clock on the telenot system.
```

}
```

### `input` and `output`

The `input` thing provides all channels with the state of each single reporting group.
The `output` thing provides all channels with the state of each single reporting area.

* 1. Add things
* 2. Enable discovery in the `ipbridge` thing

> * 3. Now all available channel will be added automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 3. All available channel will be added automatically.
```
